hi I'm Brooke from sambhar welcome to
what we arrived today we have Jesse Adam
local shredder and sandbar staff member
we're here to talk about these boards
Jesse Stacey's you're on the team why
here yeah I've been lucky enough to work
with Lee for us nearly twelve months now
some poison snake yeah that's one
way I'm simply the old boss come through
the door this is a weapon is one of the
wildest things I've seen talk about that
little guy this is the roach it's the
newest addition to my quiver perfectly
in time for some waves it's been going
really good
it's written usually about five inches
or four to six inches shorter than your
short board yeah this one's a fire five
but it is harming a bottler volume it's
been a fat water one Maranon is quite at
the moment which is really loose and
fast and fun yeah what's this guy yeah
it's sort of a similar it's not similar
but it's sort of smaller as well this is
the Flathead I've got this one first
before that one I was riding it in all
sort of some sort of three foot
conditions but I've sort of figured out
I can ride up to sort of four four plus
no it sort of works really well in round
sucky waves like the way I'm here at off
the rocks it's really around you know
fixing to cover the wave really well and
I feel like the wide point up front it's
really handy for the paddle power and
sort of landing their disability this
one's also I think five of any comments
five four
the same sort of 24 nice nice
let's go I this is my favorite board of
Khmer I'm AB last year already gonna
handle last year but for the law sort of
12 months is the best for God in fact
it's probably one of the best another
back its up if you want 50 which is
pretty much all around a short board
style thing and a couple inches shorter
than your regular short board so it's a
little bit of a step down but I think
the answer this one is two meanings or
admissions no yes super far super
responsive it's one of those boards it
feels like you trying to sort of tell
her what to do
oh I've been having heaps of phenomena
and yeah it's been going really well
I've got a semi modified pair of Stasi
future fiends in there at the moment
they're a little bit to be excited to be
down the back but yeah this is sort of
like a medium-large dolphin and now what
wouldn't be scared to throw in some
bigger things in this one give it a bit
of drill I don't know but yeah this has
been yeah was so far for sure but no
because I want that one is 5/8 George's
shorter than most and attended a few
stickers on your board
yeah been using futures for for a long
time but I've been lucky enough to work
with those guys I'm a sort of shop team
write a program to last for six months
and I've been trying a lot of things and
there is a handful of things that I
really like those ones are my favorite
at the moment I've lost I really like
the John John tech flex ones and you
know a handful of others but it's always
fun to experiment yeah that's it Michael
Greger boron and last question right in
the front encrypt something guy that
let's go man that's something I've been
working on myself quite a long time
probably four or five years I'll try
makes a different stuff up sort of just
cut my own stuff out of different shades
of grey but everything is but there's a
few brands doing a lot of good stuff in
the moment that's who our luck oh gosh
dreaded Dec stuff that um he asked me to
show on it works really well but I use
most of us on Russian enough stuff yeah
and they got a really cool one called
Santa deck which is flattened brush so
it doesn't feel good B to hear the water
it's really cool so yeah there's a lot
of stuff out there and I'm really
enjoying it nice good stuff alright I'm
Jessie copyright stacey's and doing any
questions about snakes and surfboards
popeater sambar spoke to him he is the
man he'll have all the answers for you
hope that's been helpful
hop in December and we'll see you soon